such a stock price, it fell sharply
, huh!  You are quite happy, on the top jumped a sound fell down
, oh seventy-five can not buy the yeah, however, with the US closure
policy constantly changes to argue him Trump these things in exchange
prices have been so low
Twenty dollars.  So ah promote d so we do not have to be so not afraid.
ঠিক provides this one down
line for you to see, you are predicting the front of Hong Kong's old position is
how Wow, we have to listen to the
assumption that he said the world's guanxi action and
promotion  This step-by-step, leading to this supply exacerbation to these all
will happen right and profit rise, this kind of situation
under this, HSBC expects Hong Kong's GDP to fall at most
9  The big difference is not as exaggerated as double digits
.  Property prices will fall 30 points percent compared to the next Wow, heard